https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA/videos # Brodie RObertson
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCngn7SVujlvskHRvRKc1cTw/videos # Bugswriter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ/videos # Chris Titus Tech
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNwGa76xVVwdEVToRZBIUIg/videos # DenshiVideo
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg/videos # DistroTube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHZ986wm_sJT6wntdDTIIcw/videos # FitMC
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC07nt0psYYLn35ddm8yWm1g/videos # FoxyNoTail
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA/videos # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMiInY8BhSUtCarO6uu6i_g/videos # Mark McNally
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA/videos # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX6OQ3DkcsbYNE6H8uQQuVA/videos # MrBeast
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIPPMRA040LQr5QPyJEbmXA/videos # MrBeast Gaming
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgGjBqZZtAjxfpGSba7d6ww/videos # Pixlriffs
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUxzwCjOUhswNDsLA5ux0IQ/videos # silentwisperer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3xZYc4SZUGfRERIvDRGqDQ/videos # Skip The Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ/videos # SomeOrdinaryGamers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA/videos # TechLinked
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg/videos # Techlore
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0vBXGSyV14uvJ4hECDOl0Q/videos # Techquickie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtYg149E_wUGVmjGz-TgyNA/videos # Titus Tech Talk
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg/videos # Wolfgamg's Channel
