[global]
monitor = 0
follow = mouse
origin = top-right
offset = 15x15
scale = 0
indicate_hidden = yes
shrink = no
separator_height = 4
separator_color = auto
padding = 15
horizontal_padding = 15
frame_width = 0
sort = no
idle_threshold = 120
font = Hack Nerd Font 10
line_height = 10
markup = full
format = "<b>%s</b>\n%b"
alignment = left
show_age_threshold = 60
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = false
hide_duplicate_count = yes
show_indicators = no
icon_position = left
max_icon_size = 80
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 20
always_run_script = true
title = Dunst
class = Dunst

mouse_left_click = close_current
mouse_right_click = do_action

[urgency_low]
timeout = 2
background = "#1E1D2F"
foreground = "#D9E0EE"
frame_color = "#DDB6F2"

[urgency_normal]
timeout = 5
background = "#1E1D2F"
foreground = "#D9E0EE"
frame_color = "#DDB6F2"

[urgency_critical]
timeout = 0
background = "#1E1D2F"
foreground = "#D9E0EE"
frame_color = "#DDB6F2"

[play_sound]
summary = "*"
script = "~/.local/bin/alert"
